{{Infobox settlement
|settlement_type=Village
|Census 2011 Location Code=602587
|native_name=Maigini
|subdivision_name3=Karwar 
|subdivision_name2=Uttara Kannada
|subdivision_name1=KARNATAKA
|Division=
|subdivision_type2=[[Uttara Kannada]]
|subdivision_type3=[[Karwar ]]
|Nearest city=[[KARWAR]]
|| latd =  xx | latm =  xx  | lats =  xx  | latNS = N=                                     
|| longd = xx | longm = xx | longs = xx | longEW = E=                                                                                                                                               
|pushpin_label_position=right
|Area=15.72
|elevation_m=
|population_total=70                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
|population_as_of=2011
|population_density=4
|population_blank1=31
|population_blank2=39
|female_per_1000_male=1258
|native_name_lang=[[Kannada]]
}}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

== Maigini (602587) ==
      
Maigini is a village in the [[Karwar ]] taluka of [[Uttara Kannada]] district with an area of 1571.79 hectares and harbouring 18 households with total population of 70 as per the 2011 Census. The nearest town [[KARWAR]] is at a distance of 18 km. Male population is 31 and female population is 39. Scheduled Caste Population is 0 and Scheduled Tribes population is 0. Census Location Code of the village is 602587<ref>http://www.censusindia.gov.in/2011census/dchb/DCHB.html</ref>.


== Literacy ==  
* Total literate population: 52
* Literate male population: 27 (87.1%)
* Literate female population: 25 (64.1%)


== Educational Facilities ==  
 The nearest  [[Pre-primary]] [[School]] (HARALAPUR) is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
There is 1 government [[Primary School]] in the village. 
 The nearest Middle School (GOPSHITTA) is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
 The nearest [[Secondary School]] (HANKON) is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
 The nearest [[Senior Secondary School]] (LAKSHMESHWAR) is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
 The nearest Degree College of Arts and Science and Commerce (CHITTAKULA) is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
 The nearest Engineering College (KARWAR) is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
 The nearest Medical College (HUBLI) is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
 The nearest Management Institute (HOSPET ) is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
 The nearest Polytechnic (KARWAR) is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
 The nearest Vocational Training School (KARWAR) is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
 The nearest Non-formal Training Centre (KARWAR) is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
 The nearest Special School for Disabled (KARWAR) is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
 The nearest other educational facilities (KARWAR) is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.


== Medical Facilities (Government) ==
The nearest Commumity health centre is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest [[Primary health centre]] is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
The nearest Primary health sub centre is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
The nearest [[Maternity]] and child welfare centre is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
The nearest T.B. clinic is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
The nearest [[Allopathy]] hospital is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest Alternative medicine hospital is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest Dispensary is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest Veterinary hospital is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Mobile health clinic is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest Family welfare centre is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.                  
                                                      

== Medical Facilities (Non-Government) ==








                                                                        


== Drinking Water ==
Water from treated tap water is not available in the village.
Water from untreated tap water is not available in the village.
Water from covered wells is available in the village.
Water from uncovered wells is not available in the village.
Water from Hand pumps is available in the village.
Water from Tube wells / Bore wells is not available in the village.
Water from Springs is not available in the village.
Water from River / Canal is not available in the village.
Water from Tank / Pond / Lake is not available in the village.
Water from other sources is not available in the village.


== Sanitation ==
Closed Drainage is not available in the village.
Open Drainage is not available in the village.
Drain water is discharged directly into sewer plant.
Area is covered under Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC).
Community toilet including bath is not available in the village.
Community toilet excluding bath is not available in the village.
Rural production centers or sanitary hardware outlet is not available in the village.
Rural production mart or sanitary hardware outlet is not available in the village.
Community bio- gas or recycle of waste for productive use is not available in the village.


== Communication and Transport ==
Post office  is not available in the village.The nearest Post office  is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
Sub Post office  is not available in the village.The nearest Sub Post office  is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Post & Telegraph office  is not available in the village.The nearest Post & Telegraph office  is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
Village [[pin code]] is 581317  in the village.
Telephones (Land lines) is not available in the village.The nearest Telephones (Land lines) is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Public call office is not available in the village.The nearest Public call office is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Mobile phone coverage is available in the village. 
Internet cafes / Common service centre is not available in the village.The nearest Internet cafes / Common service centre is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
Private courier is not available in the village.The nearest Private courier is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
Public bus service is not available in the village.The nearest Public bus service is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Private bus service is not available in the village.The nearest Private bus service is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
[[Railway station]] is available in the village. 
Auto/Modified Auto is not available in the village.The nearest Auto/Modified Auto is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Taxi is not available in the village.The nearest Taxi is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
Van is not available in the village.The nearest Van is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
Tractor is available in the village. 
Cycle-pulled rickshaw (Manual driven) is not available in the village.The nearest Cycle-pulled rickshaw (Manual driven) is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
Cycle-pulled rickshaw (Machine driven) is not available in the village.The nearest Cycle-pulled rickshaw (Machine driven) is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
Carts driven by animals is not available in the village.The nearest Carts driven by animals is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Sea /River ferry service is available in the village. 
Village is not connected to a [[national highway]]Village is not connected to a The nearest [[national highway]] is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
Village is not connected to a [[state highway]]Village is not connected to a The nearest [[state highway]] is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
Village is not connected to a major district road  Village is not connected to a The nearest major district road   is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
Village is not connected to a other district roadVillage is not connected to a The nearest other district road is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
  
  
  
 The nearest Navigable waterway is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
  


== Market and Banking ==
ATM is not available in the village.The nearest ATM is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Commercial Bank is not available in the village.The nearest Commercial Bank is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
[[Co-operative Bank]] is not available in the village.The nearest [[Co-operative Bank]] is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Agricultural Credit Society is not available in the village.The nearest Agricultural Credit Society is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Self-Help Group is not available in the village.The nearest Self-Help Group is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Public distribution system (PDS) shop is not available in the village.The nearest Public distribution system (PDS) shop is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Mandis / Regular market is not available in the village.The nearest Mandis / Regular market is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Weekly Haat is not available in the village.The nearest Weekly Haat is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Agricultural marketing society is not available in the village.The nearest Agricultural marketing society is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.


== Health & Nutrition & Entertainment Amenities ==
Integrated Child Development Scheme (Nutritional Centre) is not available in the village.The nearest Integrated Child Development Scheme (Nutritional Centre) is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Anganwadi Centre (Nutritional Centre) is not available in the village.The nearest Anganwadi Centre (Nutritional Centre) is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Others (Nutritional Centre) is not available in the village.The nearest Others (Nutritional Centre) is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
ASHA (Accredited Social Health Activist is not available in the village.The nearest ASHA (Accredited Social Health Activist is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Community centre with/without TV  facility is not available in the village.The nearest Community centre with/without TV  facility is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Sports Field is not available in the village.The nearest Sports Field is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Sports Club / Recreation Centre is not available in the village.The nearest Sports Club / Recreation Centre is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Cinema / Video Hall is not available in the village.The nearest Cinema / Video Hall is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
[[Public Library]] is not available in the village.The nearest [[Public Library]] is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Public Reading Room is not available in the village.The nearest Public Reading Room is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Newspaper Supply is not available in the village.The nearest Newspaper Supply is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Assembly Polling station is not available in the village.The nearest Assembly Polling station is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Birth & Death Registration Office is available in the village. 


== Electricity ==
 
 
 
 
 
 
14 hrs of power supply for all users in summer (Apr-Sep) per day is available in the village.
19 hrs of power supply for all users in winter (Oct-Mar) per day is available in the village.


== Land Use ==
Maigini exhibits the following land use pattern (area in hectares):
* [[Forest]]: 1533.29
* Area under Non-agricultural Uses: 1.94
* Barren and Un-cultivable land: 0
* Permanent Pastures and Other Grazing Lands: 0
* Land Under Miscellaneous Tree Crops etc: 0
* Culturable Waste Land: 1.12
* Fallow lands other than current fallows: 0
* Current Fallows: 0
* Net Area Sown: 35.44
* Total Un-irrigated Land Area: 1.17
* Area irrigated by source: 34.27


== [[Irrigation]] facilities ==
Sources of irrigation are as follows (area in hectares):
* Canals: 2.73
* Wells/Tube-wells: 2.73
* Tanks/Lakes: 0
* Water Falls: 0
* Others: 28.81


== Manufacturing ==
Maigini is engaged in the manufacture of following items (in decreasing order of importance): PADDY,GROUND NUT


[[Categories:[[Uttara Kannada]]]]
[[Categories:[[Karwar ]]]]
[[Categories:[[Uttara Kannada district villages]]]]


== References ==
Census of India 2011 - http://www.censusindia.gov.in/2011census/dchb/DCHB.html 


